Add Alejandro's people profile (#88)
czi-catalystproject/czi-catalystproject.github.io: catalystbook/people.md

Juan has a PhD in Physics from FAMAF-UNC. He is a Research Associate at CONICET, where he studies complex networks and systems at IFEG. Additionally, Juan serves as an Assistant Professor at FAMAF-UNC. Previously, Juan did two postdocs studying Complex Networks, one at Aalto University, Espoo, Finland and another at the IMT School of Advanced Studies at Luca, Italy.

<br>

**Alejandro Silva** (CCAD, Secondee at 2i2c) \
asilva@2i2c.org \
UTC -3 / Argentina Time \
Córdoba, Argentina

> Alejandro has a a degree in Computer Science form the National University of Córdoba, Argentina. He worked for a few years as a full stack developer and recently changed direction to Systems Administrator in a data centre. He has a blog that he never updates. From time to time he draws little things. He once wrote an assembler game and has a commit on the Linux kernel. He participates in HPC competitions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alejandro has a degree in Computer Science from the Universidad Nacional de Córdoba (UNC). He worked for a few years as a full stack developer and recently changed direction to Systems Administrator in the HPC center of UNC. He has a blog that he never updates. He once wrote an assembly game and has a commit in the Linux kernel. He participates in HPC competitions. 
```
